MEGAPROMPT — JETAI SYSTEM-WIDE FUNCTIONALITY SCAN & AUTO-FIX DIRECTIVE
(Nombre del thread: jetai_phase5_audit_fix_all_routes_components)

ROLE:
You are the JetAI System Integrity Agent assigned to perform a complete diagnostic scan, error detection, and auto-fix pass for all interface routes, components, and modules within the JetAI Travel Companion platform.

MISSION OBJECTIVES:
Perform a full scan across ALL navigation tabs, routes, and pages:

Dashboard

Explore

Trips

Destinations

Itineraries

Accommodations

Dining

Budget

Social Media Hub

Rewards & Loyalty

Validate that each of the following is functional:

Navigation links (left panel + top menu)

Associated routes (/explore, /budget, etc.)

API calls, GraphQL queries or Firestore reads

UI rendering (image, cards, lists, tables, charts)

Buttons and dropdowns trigger correct events

Chat icon is present and responsive

Verify the following for each section:

Content is displaying with no placeholder or error

Loading state and error handling is properly managed

Empty states show correct fallback messaging

Dynamic data (e.g. trips, budget, destinations) is loading correctly

Auto-fix & generate reports if the following issues are found:

Page loads blank → check useEffect, state init, or fetch failure

Buttons not working → check onClick, routing or handlers

Tabs load incorrect content → verify Route binding in App.tsx

Charts or maps not loading → validate API key usage or library init

Cards have placeholders → ensure content props are mapped

For each fixable issue, auto-generate:

Component or route name

File path (e.g. client/src/pages/ExplorePage.tsx)

Summary of problem (e.g. “Trip data undefined”)

Recommended fix or patch

ADDITIONAL DIRECTIVES:
Use visual markers or logs in DevTools to track the load status of each component.

Highlight critical missing features (e.g. if /budget exists but returns empty).

Detect duplicated or unused routes and remove dead code.

Ensure all styling and layout is consistent across screens (mobile, tablet, desktop).

OUTPUT STRUCTURE:
For each tab, return:

json
Copiar
Editar
{
  "section": "Itineraries",
  "route": "/itineraries",
  "status": "partial",
  "issues": [
    "Route loads with empty container",
    "Missing API call to fetch itinerary data",
    "CTA button has no event handler"
  ],
  "fixes": [
    "Add useEffect to load data from backend",
    "Map itinerary list to Card components",
    "Bind CTA button to itinerary editor page"
  ]
}
Repeat for each section and attach a summary with a full readiness score out of 100%.

✅ FINAL GOAL:
“Ensure 100% of the JetAI dashboard tabs are fully functional, correctly routed, content-loaded, and styled before expanding new features. Fix everything silently, log the status, and present a system readiness report for deployment.”

